#4734 bugfix: removed `this` from snapshot methods (#4739)
statelyai/xstate: .changeset/fifty-beds-love.md

---
'xstate': patch
---

> Removed `this` from actor snapshot methods to resolve [#4734](https://github.com/statelyai/xstate/issues/4734)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed `this` from machine snapshot methods to fix issues with accessing those methods from union of actors and their snapshots.
```
